- My lord. - Oh, my.
(Episode 9)
Brother.
Ddak Sae.
Why did you stop me?
You should have let me die with my brother.
Why did you stop me there?
Why did you...
interfere?
Why did you do that, you scumbag? Why?
Why?
Hey, you.
Who are you?
Who are you, scumbag?
You...
You should hit him hard. Can you not do that?
I have never hit anyone before.
Let us find the key.
Ddak Sae, did you meet Mother?
Please tell Mother...
that I am so sorry for not being...
able to keep the promise.
And in the other world,
do not let others treat you like a stupid person.
Do not laugh so easily.
I told you that could get on people's nerves.
Live well with Mother.
I will follow you soon.
I am sorry I could not protect you.
I am so sorry.
I am sorry, Ddak Sae.
I am so sorry. I am sorry, Ddak Sae.
I am so sorry.
I am sorry, Ddak Sae.
Ddak Sae.
Live well.
Do you still not know?
Your twisted conception of the world...
is taking you to a wrong path as a doctor.
Is my...
twisted conception of the world the real problem here?
Or is it the twisted world?
I am sorry, Ddak Sae.
I heard that the Japanese soldiers are coming.
You should head North.
And I will pay my debt...
if we get to meet again...
alive.
Please take...
Mak Gae.
What?
Dr. Heo, why are you not going with us?
I have somewhere else to go.
Then take me with you.
You have been through a lot while working for me.
Wherever you go,
do not forget to study medicine.
Dr. Heo.
You can pay the debt now.
What?
Kill me.
- Dr. Heo. - What are you talking about?
Why would I kill you?
I told you to kill me.
Take care.
Wait.
You will never...
get to experience strange things because of me.
What?
What's the name of the owner of Heo Bong Tak's phone again?
It's someone called Ma Seong Tae.
His studio apartment is under his name too.
By the way, I can trace signals of Choi Yeon Kyung's phone again.
Where is she?
Yeon Kyung.
What happened?
Yeon Kyung. Yeon Kyung.
How can a police not find a missing person?
We're paying taxes for you.
- Find her now! Now! - Calm down.
How can I calm down?
How can you call yourself a police?
- Please. - Gosh.
Yeon Kyung.
Mr. Choi, Yeon Kyung is here.
- Mr. Choi. - Yeon Kyung?
Why does she look so sick?
Are you all right?
Yes, I just need to take a rest.
We've been looking for you all day.
Where have you been?
I've been wandering about.
- Where? - Don't.
Go inside.
Okay.
Mr. Choi, are you all right?
I am fine. Leave me alone...
and make some hot betony tea.
Yes, Mr. Choi.
Oh, my.
At least, she's back.
She's back.
Your pulse is a little weak.
What happened?
Jae Ha, I'm so sorry, but I am so tired right now.
I'm relieved to have you back.
Don't think about anything, and sleep tight.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
He has an identity tag,
doesn't know what a phone is,
and we can't find his fingerprints.
You couldn't find his fingerprints?
The fingerprints on his thumb and index fingers were worn off.
Wait.
I think...
I told this to the person who took him out of prison...
which happens to be the woman...
you are looking for.
I am worse than dogs and pigs.
I will die many times...
to pacify your anger.
But it will only dirty your hands...
if you kill...
dirty and lowly lives like us.
Please...
show us mercy,
and just spare our lives.
Please spare our lives.
Please, My lord.
Please spare our lives, My lord.
My lord.
He has been hurt many times.
No one in this world could comfort him.
It will be hard, but I hope that you become that guy's friend.
Wait a second. Shouldn't we go somewhere else...
Don't act up.
Let's just go home.
What? Aren't you that guy?
You're the guy from last time.
You're the young man who came with Chun Sool.
You... Right?
What is that? Isn't that blood?
Is it just red or is it blood?
Whatever the situation you're in,
you're welcome to be here.
He's been sick all day today.
He's going to die at this rate.
Why did he not go to a hospital?
He wouldn't be here if he had enough money to get checked up.
Even if he had, they'd look down on him...
for being unclean and smelling bad.
Still, he's lucky.
The doctor showed up...
at a right timing.
Mother...
Please save him.
You're safe now.
You don't know how great his skills are.
He's amazing.
Well...
Well... Goodness.
What's wrong... Doctor.
Where are you going? What's wrong...
Is he crazy? This is ox bezoar.
- Did you steal this? - No.
I got it as my payment for a year.
You brat. I know you stole this.
I did not steal it.
You little...
- Give it back. - Let go.
I know you stole it.
I need to save my mother with it.
You were born as a slave, yet you became a superintendent.
You should be so grateful for your fortune in your life.
You did not realize your place and desired to work in the palace.
Did you not know that you were only like a mere dog...
who would wag its tail for some feed?
Then how was the world without any class?
Was it different from here?
Did you think you could have what you could not have in this world?
I shall show you...
just what I can have in this new world.
I will never...
I will never get insulted and be humiliated in my life ever again.
You've showed up at last.
What's wrong with your clothes?
What happened? You were out of reach all day long.
Did you forget that I told you to empty your morning schedule?
Do you realize how important today's meeting was?
Did I have to be there?
Of course, I told you it was to treat someone important.
If I treat that person,
what do I gain in return?
You do take after me.
Now, we're on the same page.
What do you gain in return for treating someone important?
You gain that person.
The money and power they have.
Is this how this world works?
Is it not the same in the other world?
They may be the same doctors, but their levels differ...
depending on whom they treat.
Doctors sell their medical technique anyway.
So it's better to meet someone...
who recognizes your ability and pays a lot for your price.
It's better to make a profit out of it.
What do you say? Do you want...
to do this business with me?
Welcome.
Can I have today's latte?
What is the most delicious cake you sell here?
It's strawberry chocolate cream cake.
- I'll have that. - Okay.
It's best to have sweet cake whenever you're down.
Here's your coffee.
I need to go. Bye.
Please make it a to-go. Hurry.
Did you go home safely that day?
Did you have breakfast?
Do you want to have lunch with me at the cafeteria?
You don't like cafeteria?
Then how about a delicious meat restaurant over there?
Let's have lunch...
together.
I have an appointment.
Okay. Then let's have lunch later.
So you like to drink coffee.
It's amazing to have with coffee.
Take it and share it with your colleagues.
No, thanks.
Yeong Kyung, are you okay? Are you hurt?
What happened?
I'm glad that you look fine.
Yes, I'm back safely.
I'll explain later.
I'm being so miserable like this when I'm an assistant doctor.
What? Yeon Kyung.
What happened? Are you okay?
Don't tell me you were worried about me.
Do you know how much I suffered to take care of your patients too?
I had to stay up all night too. Look at my dark circles.
They're down to your chin.
He realized the importance of his colleague.
I'm so busy that I'm having cup noodles with a tuna can.
You... Goodness. What is this? It's cake.
This must be your office.
I don't have an office of my own.
What are you doing?
You haven't tried this since I made it for you then, right?
Tuna ramyeon is the best.
Where can I get water here?
This is a doctor's office.
Right.
There's a lounge in front of it. Let's eat there together.
Can't you see what I am doing?
I have a lot of people who care for me,
but you don't have anyone here...
but me.
That's why I'm going to take care of you.
You do not need to.
I do not want to eat it. You should have it by yourself.
This must not be the right method.
You were absent without notice and leaving without notice.
It looks like you're doing everything as you please.
I have talked about this with the director.
I know.
I see you have a reliable sponsor.
If you have a problem,
you should ask him yourself...
to kick me out.
Why would I do that?
I know a better way.
If you are done talking, I would like to leave.
I have a business to attend to.
What happened yesterday with Choi Yeon Kyung?
Dr. Yoo,
do you have the time to interfere with others' lives?
If you had made a mistake like that,
you should either study or repent.
Choi Yeon Kyung...
is not like others to me.
If anyone hurts her,
I will not forgive them.
I will never get involved with her.
So do not worry,
and tend to your patients.
Now,
we are on our separate ways.
Yes, Jae Ha?
You know I don't take herbal medicine.
I know. That's why I got some porridge for you.
Porridge?
You made it?
Well, I didn't say I made it.
I knew it.
It's a lotus porridge.
It's made out of lotus seeds.
I heard it's good for venting out the frustration inside of you.
You should try it.
Frustration?
Who said I was frustrated?
To me,
you look like you are.
You are indeed an oriental doctor.
You're all grown up now.
You can take care of people too.
Did you know...
that I became an oriental doctor because of you?
What?
When I was young,
after my dad died like that,
I was always timid because of my grandfather.
But one day, when I went to your house with my grandfather,
the day I saw you for the first time,
you held a needle in your hand and said,
"This is a needle for acupuncture."
"I will become a great doctor of oriental medicine when I grow up."
Your eyes were sparkling so much.
I made up my mind then...
that I would become a doctor of oriental medicine as well.
I wanted to have the same dream as you,
not because my grandfather wanted me to,
but because I wanted to.
I grew up so well...
thanks to you.
So you should make use of me.
If you're having a hard time, you can talk to me...
and lean on me.
Why are you so serious today?
Okay.
Let me see.
Lotus porridge?
People who have earned a lot of money by doing business...
are called "jaebol" here.
For you, it would be...
the equivalent of wealthy merchants.
Chief Secretary Cho...
works at the Blue House.
It's like serving the king at the palace in Joseon.
He's the equivalent of a minister or an official at the palace.
Welcome.
Sorry for being late.
It's nothing.
You went through trouble twice because of us.
Dr. Heo Bong Tak, I owe my life to you,
so I'm giving you another chance.
I will do my best not to let you down.
Please come this way.
Chairman.
Hello.
This is Dr. Heo Bong Tak...
that I had mentioned.
He's younger than I thought.
I did accept this offer because you recommended it,
but does acupuncture actually treat anything?
Dr. Heo, why are you doing this?
I cannot treat a patient...
if he does not believe me.
This is not what you promised.
I think that...
although I am here for your son,
I need to treat your migraine first.
What? How did you know that?
Your ears are red.
When you touch something hot, you touch your ears...
because they are the coldest parts in our body.
But your ears are red.
That means the gall bladder meridian in charge of your ears are heated.
The Qi around that place has been stopped,
which is why you have a lot of headaches.
If you have a doctor you trust,
you should call that doctor. Goodbye.
Why do you think I became like this?
There are so many rumors about my son in the papers.
I need you to fix him before the anniversary ceremony...
which will be held next month.
This means...
you can never tell anyone about what you saw and heard here.
His eyes look dull.
He has a dark patch under his eyes, and his breathes irregularly.
His skin is rough, his lips dry,
and there are cracks in his finger nails.
His pulses are weak,
and his eyes have faint colors.
He is addicted to opium.
I sent him to study abroad and spent so much money,
and yet he's been doing drugs?
He's never done anything to disappoint us.
Of course.
We can't have surgery or give him medicine to treat him.
- I've tried sending him to a rehab. - Yes.
But there's no use. He does drugs again when he comes out.
Doctors who come here...
try to treat him by making conversations with him.
I don't feel good...
keeping him locked up here like this.
Yes.
He feels empty...
and lacks life force.
What? He feels empty?
Why would he?
I've brought him up so that he can have...
- everything he needs. - I will help him open his mind...
and instill energy in him.
With what? You're going to open what?
He's very competent.
Right.
Where did you find someone like him?
I was lucky to find such a competent man at the right timing.
I heard from the chief secretary...
that you're starting up...
a big business in Gyeongin-si.
I'm sure you were talking about money...
when you asked for my help.
Let me...
get out of here.
Please.
Help me get out of here.
I am only a doctor who treats illnesses.
I need to meet someone.
I must meet her.
Please help me. Please.
I'll pay you.
I'll give you money!
I'll be right there.
Wait a little more.
Gosh, thank you for your hard work.
I'll compensate you enough.
I'm willing to do everything if you can treat him.
I thank you in advance.
- Are you waiting for someone? - No.
Nurse Jung.
What do you do when your friend is going through a hard time?
Nothing special.
I stay beside them, wait for them, and trust them.
Right?
It's so easy when you say it.
Your friend is here. I'll see you later.
You said you had an appointment. Did you go somewhere with the director?
- We went for a treatment. - To outside?
What kind of patient are they that you went outside for a treatment?
Gosh, look who's here.
Mr. Heo Bong Tak.
How is it to work under Director Ma?
- Is it bearable? - Yes.
I knew Dr. Heo was good at...
giving acupuncture but I didn't know he was good at aligning with power.
You'd only be a salaryman.
Don't be so loyal.
Some people are just born to be rich.
I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but I think you're talking a little rudely to him.
What?
- What did you say? - Yeon Kyung.
What I meant is...
He doesn't work in our hospital.
He works at Shinhae Oriental Medicine Hospital after all.
Stop there.
So you know me now?
So do you pity on me?
Do I look like a child...
who becomes all happy for a few candies?
Stop acting so generous.
You're right.
I know all about you.
I know what class you were in Joseon Dynasty.
I know what you did in front of...
that darn Minister of War.
I saw it all.
Are you ashamed of it? Does my finding out about it...
hurt your pride so much?
It's nothing anyway.
I don't care about any of that.
Because I know you well now.
Because now,
I know all about you.
I know how great of a doctor you are.
I know why you had to suffer so much.
I know why you had to live...
that way.
You should not have...
heard or seen anything about me.
Then I would have...
No.
I do not care how you think about me anymore.
So do not get in my way...
or mind my business.
No.
- I can't do that. - Look, Ms. Choi.
I have the right to do so.
Whether it was a coincidence or fate,
you and I happened to come across each other.
I'm now part of your strange destiny.
I am.
So...
don't avoid me.
Don't run away from me.
Whatever you do.
Are you okay?
Where did you go? You disappeared right in front of our eyes.
Thanks to you,
I've been through an intense experience.
Go out, and wait.
- Yes, boss. - Yes, boss.
Let's go.
How dare they harass a frail woman. This is embarrassing.
I'm not a frail woman. I'm a doctor.
I'm okay.
Since I've become a doctor, I've been through worse.
Through worse?
When I couldn't save people who I wanted to,
when I had to save people who I didn't want to,
and when my efforts didn't...
What's worse is...
that I still have to treat people like you...
after what I've been through.
I do not care how you think of me.
So do not interfere with my matters,
and do not care about them.
I won't let him do that.
Is she allowed to walk like that already?
Her progress must be good.
Of course, I performed surgery on her.
Her progress is good.
It's good, but...
Let go.
Are you pitying me?
What's wrong?
He's been like that ever since he found out that he became disabled.
It must hurt his pride to realize...
- that he's disabled. - What?
Is his pride that important?
He's alive because his wife took emergency measures quickly.
Can't he live with one uncomfortable leg?
Why doesn't he understand how worried his wife is?
Why can't men understand women?
Why?
What's wrong with you today?
You're not okay. Let's take some medicine.
Let's go in and take some medicine.
My doll.
Dad, my doll fell down.
Okay.
Wait.
I'll help you.
- Honey. - My goodness.
- Dad. - Goodness.
- Oh, my. - Let me see.
Dad.
- Dad. - Oh, my.
- Look at me. - Dad.
Are you okay?
- Honey, no. - Dad.
- Please wake up. - Look at me.
No.
Grandma, Bong Tak won't come here again.
My son wouldn't abandon me.
Where did you hide him?
Bring him to me.
Bring him.
We didn't hide him. He left us.
Bong Tak's too busy to come today.
He will come later.
My back...
and knees hurt.
Bong Tak has to put acupuncture on me.
The director will treat you.
Let's go in and get some acupuncture.
I can't.
My son has to do it.
- I can't. - You're hurting. Let's go.
Bring me Bong Tak.
- Did you come? - Bong Tak has to do it.
- She does that every day. - Bong Tak, where are you?
He shouldn't have been so nice if he was going to leave like that.
She's so lonely.
We can't make him come by force.
I can't believe him.
She has lost so much weight from worrying about him.
There's not a word from him.
Oh, you're here.
How are you? Are you okay?
I told you to take a few days off. You don't listen to me.
Sit down.
I added some milkvetch and made some yeonpo tang.
- I have something to ask. - Ask what?
Was I there...
on the day of dad's accident?
What are you saying all of a sudden?
That's absurd.
Grandpa, answer me.
You were...
sleeping at home with your mom.
You didn't even know about the accident.
That's what I thought too.
Aren't you going to tell me?
If you don't,
I'll have to find out for myself.
How does she know that?
Is she remembering it now?
That can't happen.
Do you know...
what happened to dad and me...
on that day?
We're going to Chairman Yang's house.
His youngest daughter-in-law, who just got married,
suddenly can't hear.
There are a lot of doctors here,
and the technology is advanced.
Why are you assigning me to such personal treatments?
Back then and now, there are people...
who can't afford to let other people know about their illness.
They have money and power.
It's human nature...
that they want to hide what they can...
and also enjoy what they can in life.
Nothing has changed.
Can you hear me?
We checked everything before they got married.
Why is she like that now?
We shouldn't have let someone like her in the house in the first place.
She's not in the same class as us, from her family to her education.
What a disgrace.
How can she be deaf already?
Can you do something about it?
The ear follows the mind.
If you do not want to hear something with your ears,
blood flows to the ears.
That sound repeated,
and too much blood in her ears caused the decreased nerve function.
It resulted in her hearing loss.
I can't believe this.
Why did someone like her have to be in our family?
If she was a thing, I would go make a refund.
Gosh, what is she doing?
I guess she can hear now.
I'm the Minister of Education, but my son is crazy in games.
It'll be a huge damage in my reputation if people find this out.
I can't shake hands with people because my hands are so wet.
My election is coming up next year, but I can't shake hands.
He played computer games for all three days and nights.
It caused him to be a quadriplegic.
He's a governor who's suffering from excessive sweating.
I owe you a huge debt.
Call me whenever you need my help.
I'll pay you back for certain.
I'll do my best to help you.
(Yoon Duk Min)
Chairman Park sent you a car.
I guess you need to get a license first.
We're here.
- Hey! - Over here.
Hello.
It must've been hard to escort her all the way to here.
It was hard to stop her because she insisted she'd take Bong Sik too.
- Where is his workplace? - Over there.
- There? - Goodness.
It's huge.
- Bong Tak is over there? - Yes.
Yeon Kyung will let us meet Bong Tak. Isn't it exciting?
Let's hurry and go there.
Gosh, Dr. Choi. What brings you here?
Who is she?
- By any chance... - Bong Tak!
Goodness.
Gosh.
It's really him?
My goodness. He's changed so much.
But she recognized him right away.
Why didn't you come to see me?
I waited for you every day.
Your younger brother misses you too.
Gosh, my Bong Tak.
You don't look well at all.
Goodness.
Take this and buy delicious food.
Eat well, and cheer up.
- What are you doing this to me? - Goodness.
- Let me do it. - Goodness.
Gosh, my money.
Leave it. I'll do it.
My money. Goodness.
You shouldn't visit me...
without any notice like this.
What did you just say?
I told her to bring her here.
She felt sore here and there.
And she wanted her son to give her acupuncture.
I thought you'd be glad to see her.
I need to head out.
Get a treatment from another doctor here and leave.
Bong Tak.
What was that? Is he really the same person from before?
He's completely different now.
Gosh, Bong Tak.
He looks worn out.
Make sure you give these to him so that he buys good food with them.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
It's okay.
You look upset. Did something happen?
No.
Let's go.
Goodbye, ma'am.
Please give me some water.
I'm so thirsty.
I'll read your pulse.
Your meridians...
Hi. Did you and her arrive home safely?
Please remind her to get acupuncture from my grandpa.
This is an emergency patient. Move out of the way.
1, 2, 3.
Sir.
What's his condition?
We don't know the cause, but he's out of breath and has a high fever.
His blood pressure is 90 over 70, and the pulse rate is 95.
Sir, since when were you out of breath?
I don't know.
It happened suddenly.
I can't hear his heart beats clearly. Prepare for sonogram.
Yes, sir.
Are you crazy? How could you let him go to the hospital?
What will you do if he gets caught for taking drugs?
I won't let that happen.
If something happens to my son,
I won't end this with simply making you resign.
Do you understand me?
Who is that patient?
How are you related?
How is the patient?
Answer me.
Why are you here?
It is none of your business.
No, I have to know.
That patient has needle marks.
Are those from drugs?
What is wrong with the patient?
The vegetation of tricuspid.
That is, I see lumps of germs.
It's infectious endocarditis.
The most common cause...
is illegal drug use.
He won't need surgery right now,
but he might need it depending on his progress.
Answer me now.
Who is that person, and why are you here?
And why do you have a wound on your shoulder?
(Emergency Medical Center)
Yes, Mr. Director.
Director?
You should've followed him right away if you lost him.
How could you let him come to the hospital?
Do you know what Chairman Park is like?
He could either make us or break us.
Do you want to ruin...
everything we worked hard for?
You must...
take him back.
That's how you...
and I will survive.
Is that patient...
the son of that chairman?
Is that what you're up to these days?
Are you taking care of rich and powerful people?
I told you to not care...
about whatever I do.
I know that it is hard for you after what happened in Joseon.
I know that's why you're pushing me away and hiding from me.
I can stand that,
but I can't watch you cross the line as a doctor.
The line as a doctor?
Are you talking about the line as a doctor?
What is that?
Did you not see that from Joseon?
What results are sometimes caused...
by the duty and good will of a doctor?
You said it was not the doctor's place to judge...
whether saving a person would be beneficial or harmful.
But I will determine...
what will be beneficial or harmful for me.
If that is what has to be done to not live like a dog anymore,
I will cross that line...
as a doctor.
This isn't Joseon.
Do you think that it is that different?
This is better.
Let us part ways...
since you are done checking.
What are those people?
I will take the patient with me.
You can't.
That patient should receive hospital treatment.
Did you not say that he does not need surgery?
Even if he doesn't,
it doesn't mean that he can be discharged.
He has a family doctor.
Endocarditis...
can suddenly get worse.
If he gets his symptoms treated improperly...
at a non-medical institution,
he might die.
I'm the attending physician of this patient.
What are you doing right now?
He's getting discharged because he wants to.
That's not true.
Please don't send me back.
He's my patient.
He can't go anywhere without my permission.
- Please make way. - No.
- Hey. - What's happening?
We got a call from the nurse here.
What's happening?
It's like a scene from a movie.
Should we stop them with our bodies?
Yes, stop them.
Hey.
- Wait a minute. - Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Make way.
- Stop. - Hey.
- Move. - What are you doing?
- Let go. - What are you doing?
What is this?
I found this while I was investigating Heo Bong Tak.
These are the houses of Chairman Park and Chairman Yang.
What...
is he doing outside the hospital?
- Let him go. - This is a hospital.
- Let go. - I'm not going home.
I'm not going home.
Dr. Choi.
Move.
No.
I won't do that.
- Min Jae. - Yes?
Collect blood from the patient, and go to the examination room.
Okay.
Nurse Jung, please get a room for him.
- Okay. - It looks...
like you should get treated first.
How will you treat patients when you're always trembling like that?
Do you have any right to call yourself a doctor?
Take the patient outside.
Doctor, I don't want to go.
- Doctor, please. - Be careful.
Are you crazy? Let me go.
(Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo)
Do I have a right as a doctor?
Here.
Take that, and leave.
When will you stop being affected from that?
The heart's pulse is stopping.
Is anyone there? Help.
Apologize first.
Go straight.
I have something to tell her.
You have to live a healthy life.